# @jtrevorchapman -- 2026-02-21 21:34

> going live with this BC Sac model tonight after a full day of paper trading. Fingers are crossed but expectations are low. Paper has never translated to irl profit with my hobbyist ML work... lots of friction for fills built in, walking the orderbook - fill failures - delays, etc https://t.co/vwX8wrEkpL

**Likes: 11 | Retweets: 2 | Replies: 7**

[Original post](https://x.com/jtrevorchapman/status/2025323244782281197)

### Media

- [photo](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HBtknx-WwAALVuD.jpg)

---

## Replies

### @adeliedev -- 2026-02-26 03:32

@jtrevorchapman i love when bots have web dashboards its beautiful but i just get lazy and stick with terminals

*Likes: 1*

### @jtrevorchapman -- 2026-02-26 21:41

@adeliedev I stick with terminal during the buildout, too. Final piece is the dashboard when I'm ready to let it cook for multiple days... easier to just scan the dashboard than look at the tui.

### @radcap_ -- 2026-02-22 17:02

@jtrevorchapman building out something similar in a paper trading environment for a couple weeks now -- with so much friction built in what is it exactly about live that makes it even more difficult?

### @jtrevorchapman -- 2026-02-23 21:55

@radcap_ Really the paper trading is just to verify no bugs in the logic. Results from paper never translate to live trading. This model failed. Volatile regimes (3 or more reversals) it did excellent. Refined with a clear winner from tick one it failed miserable preferring cheap side.

*Likes: 1*

### @Pxlern -- 2026-02-22 20:22

@jtrevorchapman Good stuff but need to get that pair cost down 😅

### @jtrevorchapman -- 2026-02-23 16:29

@Pxlern With hundreds of pairs across all different market regimes, targeting roughly .985 is the lowest I can go to stay profitable in all market types.

### @MarcusAkvilla -- 2026-02-22 23:23

@jtrevorchapman please tell me, how do you get the prices and the glass for the event in the code? For some reason, my bot doesn't want to load them. And there is no stable operation of the websocket.

### @jtrevorchapman -- 2026-02-23 16:27

@MarcusAkvilla Connect fetch disconnect for rtds

### @adeliedev -- 2026-02-26 03:29

@jtrevorchapman polymarket lately really hammered by bots so fills are terrible!! i think they need to up their game by upgrade their infra to use rust (no rage bait intended)

*Likes: 1*

### @palladinojam -- 2026-02-22 09:20

@jtrevorchapman Definitely wanna know how it went for ya bro!!
